Advance Project - 9

About the data: 
Let’s consider a Company dataset with around 10 variables and 400 records. 
The attributes are as follows: 
 Sales -- Unit sales (in thousands) at each location
 Competitor Price -- Price charged by competitor at each location
 Income -- Community income level (in thousands of dollars)
 Advertising -- Local advertising budget for company at each location (in thousands of dollars)
 Population -- Population size in region (in thousands)
 Price -- Price company charges for car seats at each site
 Shelf Location at stores -- A factor with levels Bad, Good and Medium indicating the quality of the shelving location for the car seats at each site
 Age -- Average age of the local population
 Education -- Education level at each location
 Urban -- A factor with levels No and Yes to indicate whether the store is in an urban or rural location
 US -- A factor with levels No and Yes to indicate whether the store is in the US or not
The company dataset looks like this: 
 
Problem Statement:
A cloth manufacturing company is interested to know about the segment or attributes causes high sale. 
Approach - A Random Forest can be built with target variable Sales (we will first convert it in categorical variable) & all other variable will be independent in the analysis. 

1. Steps should be followed properly.
2. Proper EDA should be done
3. Model Training and Validation
4. Inference.
5. Submit the Html of the notebook.

1. Follow the Machine Learning Life Cycle Steps.
2. Write proper Insights/Inference on each analysis
3. Do proper EDA on the columns and the data with graphs using seaborn and interpret the graphs. EDA should be in seperate notebook
4. Save the graphs in one folder and zip the folder.
5. Zip the datasets folders for Company Data.
6. Write proper print statements while writing the code. Proper rounding of the numbers is also required.
7. Prepare a presentation for both the projects seperately. The presentation should contain - 
	1. Objective
	2. Solution 
	3. Business Impact
8. Save the Code and download it as .ipynb format - with its name "company_data_prj_9"
9. Prepare a Word Doc for the entire end to end process with solution architecture and methodology. Also mention the time taken
for the use case to develop. Challenges faced and the complexity. Create a template which you can use further on other projects also.
10. Create a single Github repo for both the use case with proper name as Classification with Random Forest-1" and upload the zip datasets, zip graphs, .ipynb file, ppt, word doc.
11. In the same readme file mention the details about both the use cases and mention the tools and the insights gathered.
12. Add some relevant key words for the repo.

13. The entire code should be properly modularized, that means a main file has to be created for calling.
 
